feat: Add opendal hello world example (#142)
shuttle-hq/shuttle-examples: rocket/opendal-memory/README.md

# OpenDAL Memory Storage

This example shows that how to connect to an in-memory storage using OpenDAL.

## Project structure

The project consists of the following files

- `Shuttle.toml` contains the name of the app

> - `src/lib.rs` is where all the magic happens - it creates a shuttle service with two endpoints: one for add new data and one for retrieving it back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `src/main.rs` is where all the magic happens - it creates a Shuttle service with two endpoints: one for adding new data and one for retrieving it back.
```
